Fix newsfragment for #2434 (#2475)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/2434.change.rst

> Selecting tests using :make:var:`TESTCASE` will now search for the first occurrence of a test of that name in order of models in :make:var:`MODULE`\ s, and not just the first module in that list.

Author: ```suggestion
Selecting tests using :make:var:`TESTCASE` will now search for the first occurrence of a test of that name in order of modules listed in :make:var:`MODULE`\ s, and not just the first module in that list.
```
